README.md, before:

🚧🏗 [**WORK IN PROGRESS**](#to-do-) 🏗🚧

# Polish Independence Day

**A landing page concept for the 100th anniversary of Polish' Independence and all the next ones**

*Project content is written in Polish language*

## Purpose and goals

This website is made as part of a school project to promote information and awareness about this national holiday.

More personal goals of this projects are to explore very lightweight and fast landing page structure without sacrificing on creative and unique effects, such as in this case **parallax scrolling images**.
Also, it was important to allow mobile users experience the page while keeping in mind that phones are far less powerful and can't use too much battery power.  
Also an important factor was to properly handle back button navigation between opening sections.

## Design

Design in this case is a very clear and straight forward. Putting strong focus on drawings and using hand-written font on headers to better match the theme of the event. Colours are also pretty simple: putting emphasis on contrast of white paper and black ink with bright, red accents.

## Collaborators

Drawings are made by my friend, Wiktoria - you can go check out her profile on [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/micekiewicz/)

## To-do 🏗

The school part of this project is finished now but I think there are a few things that still could be improved. I'll come back this project at the beginning of February, here's what I still want to do:

- [ ] Add back navigation handling
- [ ] (Probably) remake images
- [ ] Add parallax viewer for phones too
- [ ] Refractor code (maybe, I think it needs some cleaning)
- [ ] Improve handling of multiple parallax sections
- [ ] Better utilise placeholder images
- [ ] Make the site more alive, not restricting it to 100th anniversary

Commit message:

✍ Update information
A mix of: adding credits, rewriting a bit for better readibility and
removing to-do section

README.md, after:

# Polish Independence Day

**A landing page concept for the 100th anniversary of Polish' Independence and all the next ones**

*Project content is written in Polish language*

## Purpose and goals

This website is made as part of a school project to promote information and awareness about this national holiday.

I decided to take this opportunity to practice my coding skills and so my goals of this projects are to:
Explore very lightweight and fast landing page structure without sacrificing on creative and unique effects, such as in this case **parallax scrolling images**.
To allow mobile users experience the page while keeping in mind that phones are far less powerful and can't use too much battery power.  
Also an important factor was to properly handle back button navigation between opening sections.

## Design

Design in this case is a very clear and straight forward. Putting strong focus on drawings and using hand-written font on headers to better match the theme of the event. Colours are also pretty simple: putting emphasis on contrast of white paper and black ink with bright, red accents.

## Credits
 
- Credits for images below:
- Main section
    - Józef Piłsudzki - [www.cultureave.com](http://www.cultureave.com/dziadek-jozef-pilsudski/)
- "Obchody" section
    - Pałac kultury - Google Street View
    - Pomnik Piłsudzkiego - [Cybularny](https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomnik_J%C3%B3zefa_Pi%C5%82sudskiego_w_Warszawie_(pl._Pi%C5%82sudskiego))
    - Świętujący ludzie - [pl.sputniknews.com](https://pl.sputniknews.com/foto/201511111397600-Dzien-Niepodleglosci/)
- "Jak świętowała Polonia?" section
    - Wieże (Kuwejt) - [@PLinKuwait](https://twitter.com/PLinKuwait)
    - Diabelski młyn (Los Angeles) - [@MSZ_RP](https://twitter.com/MSZ_RP)
    - Krzyż (Litwa) - [@PLinLithuania](https://twitter.com/PLinLithuania)
- "Historia" section
    - Żołnierze - [www.lubanski.eu](http://www.lubanski.eu/i-wojna-swiatowa-polska-niepodleglosc-i-luban/)
    - Godło Polski - [Godło Polskie](http://makowskimarcin.pl/polska-najwiekszy-przegrany-ii-wojny-swiatowej/)
    - Rząd - [niezalezna.pl](https://niezalezna.pl/245092-11-listopada-1918-r-koniec-i-wojny-swiatowej-w-polsce-poczatek-ery-pilsudskiego)
- "Niepodległość w innych krajach" section
    - Deklaracja Niepodległości - [US Capitol](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Declaration_of_Independence_(1819),_by_John_Trumbull.jpg)
- Texts from sections "Obchody" and "Jak świętowała Polonia?" are written by my friend Wiktoria.
- Just like the original drawings (on older version of the page)
